Changes from Fall 2024
======================

This document isn't really intended for students, but it might be
interesting to read anyway, and it's convenient for the instructors to
have it in this repository.

Course
------

I've added/kept in-class quizzes. I've put them on the same day as
my "bonus" lectures, to make sure students come to those, and they
come a bit before the assignments on the same topics, to force some
basic understanding and help students complete the homework on time.

I've balanced the grading away from homework toward quizzes and
exams. This is basically entirely because of LLMs, I assume students
can easily cheat on the homework, so grades have to come from
in-class work.

Project
-------

The course project is entirely redone; it's now a recipe site. It
should look better (nice photos of food?), be more fun (easy to
pre-fill lots of recipes), and has less of a "school assignment" vibe.

HTML & CSS
----------

I've de-emphasized writing HTML, on the grounds that LLMs find this
really easy. The study guide instead emphasizes reading and debugging
HTML. The first assignment loses some of the HTML writing in favor of
HTML debugging and accessibility. HTML and basic CSS is further
integrated in lectures.

The HTML & CSS homework includes both HTML & CSS. This seems to have
made the homework make more sense to students.

Layout
------

Flex-box is extended to four lectures, with a clear progression of
single flex container, then nested flex containers, and then finally
responsive design. Legacy layout is dropped entirely, in favor of a
CSS reset. Media queries are explicitly required.

The layout homework assignment is significantly expanded with a lot
more flex-box practice and even a non-trivial amount of responsive
layout practice.

Django
------

I've also de-emphasized the Django template language and the Django
model types. I've increased emphasis on foreign key relationships,
adding many-to-many and one-to-one. There's a longer segment on
migrations. The queries lecture now covers structured view data.
